Umar/add documentation (#15)
edly-io/codecast: README.md

# Introduction

A third party tool which enables an author to record coding tasks by using an interactive `C-Language Compiler`. This tool can help you embed and showcase the recorded tasks in any learning platform such as `Open edX` through an `iframe link`.

# Prerequisites

- MySql
- Node (Version: 12.x.x is recommended)

# Quick start

1. Clone this repo using following command

        git clone https://github.com/edly-io/codecast.git

> 2. At root level of the project run the following commands to create a database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. At root directory of the project, run the following commands to create a database
```

    3. To add `admin` user, run

            INSERT INTO users (email_id, password, is_active, is_admin, bucket_id) values ('<YOUR ADMIN EMAIL ADDRESS>', '21232f297a57a5a743894a0e4a801fc3', 1, 1, 0);

3. At root level of the project make a file named `config.json` with the following settings

        {
            "port": 8001,
            "baseUrl": "http://localhost:8001",
            "mountPath": "/",
            "database": {
                "host": "<MYSQL_HOST>",
                "port": "<MYSQL_PORT_NUMBER>",
                "user": "<MYSQL_USER>",
                "password": "<MYSQL_PASSWORD>",
                "database": "<MYSQL_DATABASE_NAME>"
            },
            "session": {
                "secret": "<RANDOM_SESSION_SECRET>",
                "resave": false,
                "saveUninitialized": true,
                "cookie": {
                    "secure": false,
                    "maxAge": 60480000
                }
            },
            "enableOauth": false
        }

> 4. Run the following command in terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To install its dependencies, run
```

        npm install

>     You might get an error something like that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You might see an error similar to this
```

Author: done.

        ../deps/mpg123/src/output/alsa.c:19:10: fatal error: alsa/asoundlib.h: No such file or directory #include <alsa/asoundlib.h>

    You can get rid of the above mentioned error by installing the following package

        sudo apt-get install libasound2-dev

>     After you get rid of this error run `npm install` command again and if you get any error something like that is given below, just ignore it and proceed to next step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After that, run command `npm install`  again and if you get any error similar to the one given below, just ignore it and proceed to next step
```

Author: done.

        gyp ERR! build error
        gyp ERR! stack Error: `make` failed with exit code: 2
        gyp ERR! stack     at ChildProcess.onExit (/home/umar/.nvm/versions/node/v12.10.0/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/lib/build.js:196:23)
        gyp ERR! stack     at ChildProcess.emit (events.js:209:13)
        gyp ERR! stack     at Process.ChildProcess._handle.onexit (internal/child_process.js:272:12)
        gyp ERR! System Linux 4.15.0-20-generic
        gyp ERR! command "/home/umar/.nvm/versions/node/v12.10.0/bin/node" "/home/umar/.nvm/versions/node/v12.10.0/lib/node_modules/npm/node_modules/node-gyp/bin/node-gyp.js" "rebuild"
        gyp ERR! cwd /home/umar/Documents/Work/codecast/node_modules/speaker
        gyp ERR! node -v v12.10.0
        gyp ERR! node-gyp -v v5.0.3
        gyp ERR! not ok

> 5. Run the following commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To compile assets, run
```

> 5. Run the following commands

Reviewer: there is no difference in point 4's and 5's heading, can we make it more precise?

Author: It looks fine to me. If you have suggestions related to this, share it.

# Introduction

A third party tool which enables an author to record coding tasks by using an interactive `C-Language Compiler`. This tool can help you embed and showcase the recorded tasks in any learning platform such as `Open edX` through an `iframe link`.

# Prerequisites

- MySql
- Node (Version: 12.x.x is recommended)

# Quick start

1. Clone this repo using following command

        git clone https://github.com/edly-io/codecast.git

2. Checkout to `edly-master` branch

>         git checkout edly-master

Reviewer: don't we have to change this?

Author: done.

3. At root level of the project run the following commands to create a database

        mysql -u <YOUR MYSQL USER> -p

>     1. Inside mysql shell run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. To create database, run
```

Author: done.

            CREATE DATABASE <YOUR DATABASE NAME>;
            USE <YOUR DATABASE NAME>;
            SOURCE user_management_schema.sql;

>     2. Add `s3` bucket credentials run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. To add `s3` bucket credentials, run:
```

Author: done.

            INSERT INTO buckets (bucket_id, value) values (0,'{ \"s3AccessKeyId\": \"<YOUR S3 ACCESS KEY ID>\", \"s3SecretAccessKey\": \"<YOUR S3 SECRET ACCESS KEY>\", \"s3Region\": \"<YOUR S3 REGION>\", \"s3Bucket\": \"<YOUR S3 BUCKET NAME>\", \"uploadPath\": \"uploads\" }');

>     3. Add `admin` user run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. To add `admin` user, run
```

Author: done.
